When
we quit this morning, I believe you had just been
elected... Yell leader. Yell leader. How did life
change? How did life change? Well, first off, that
night was crazy. It's a really funny story. My
friends and I talk about it a lot. We're standing
out there and we're in front of Sully. And the
election commissioner's up behind Celine. She's
got her little bullhorn. Her name was Ashley
Jenkins, election commissioner that year. No,
no, no, no. That was my senior year. I don't
remember her name now. Anyway, and we were
standing there, and it went through all the class
council stuff, and everyone was waiting, and then
it said junior year leader. Then it got really
quiet, and then all you heard was a riff. Like all
you got out was a rip. And then just, I mean, it was
just crazy. Pandemonium. And then everyone was
going nuts. Everyone was crazy. I fell down on the
ground. And they picked me up and they carried me
over to a fish pond and threw me in and all that kind
of stuff. She read out the total? Mm-hmm. She read
out the names. Were there any negative reactions
that you could sense? Not that I could hear. Not
that I could hear. Now, there was. I remember going
after. Well, actually, before I got thrown into
the pond, I went over to congratulate or at least to
talk to the others that had been elected already
simply because they, the core block all walks
together over, and so they were all standing next
to each other. And I went up and tried to talk to
them, and they were still talking. So they weren't
very open to me at first. And so I remember just kind
of standing there for about ten minutes, just
waiting for them to quit talking. And then finally
I gave up and went and played. Did... During the
campaign, did anyone campaign against you, as far
as you know? In the run-offs, probably. In the
run-offs, they did. Not necessarily against me,
but just because I wasn't in the Corps. But it was
never an issue with me. I never let it be an issue.
Any phone calls or mail? Once I got elected. I got a
couple of letters. I got emails. I never got phone
calls. And what was the nature of those? I wasn't
deserving. I didn't know what I got into. I didn't
know the tradition that A&M was. I remember a
specific email from a fish in the band, a fish,
which really made me laugh, but a fish in the band
that said something about You don't know what it's
like to wear the uniform. You don't know what it's
like to have the white belt. You don't know. And
then you start asking all these questions like, do
you know so and so? Do you know the people that were
on Cricador? Do you know all that? And it's just
like simply because I wasn't in the Corps of
Cadets, they felt as though I had no clue what this
university was about. That bothered me. Alright,
so you get thrown in the pond. Then where else do you
and your buddies go to celebrate? Actually, we
just go. We were so tired from the two weeks that we
went to this house. I remember the guy who wants to
be mighty president that year, his name is Will
Hurd. We went to Will's house and stayed there for
about 30 minutes and then I went home and went to
sleep. Did, as you looked back at the election,
you were happy and so forth. Did you think in
retrospect that you and your supporters had done
anything that was original, that was... Very much
so. Very much so. It's funny now that I've seen
elections two times after I've gone, how
elections, if something works, everybody's
gonna copy it. And that's what's happened these
past two years. What have they copied?
Campaigning my freshman year, and the people I ran
against, it was very as usual. It was very, pretty
much all you had to do was show up, smile, say your
name, and that's it. And that's all people
expected. If you had a little campaign slogan,
then that's all you needed. Going to speak, you
just go, say a couple words, and then leave. No one
ever thought outside the box. No one ever thought
of the fact that maybe I needed to show my true self
instead of what they're thinking I need to be. So I
saw a lot of that. There was actually a candidate
who ran for, who ran for junior Yale leader, didn't
win, and then ran for senior Yale leader who very
much so had the exact same campaign that I did my
freshman year, I mean sophomore year, even down to
the stuff that he handed out. As far as you could
tell, the turnout tended to include what groups of
folks? Who turned out and voted? Freshman girls.
Freshman girls, okay. Freshman girls voted a lot.
And the core. The core voted a lot. And then
involved people. Do you have any idea whether
campus residents voted more than off campus? They
certainly did just because they saw it a lot more.
If you live on campus, you're walking around
campus a lot more. So you're going to notice, okay,
it's voting today. What about the Greek
organizations? They did if they were behind
someone. I know the sororities did a lot. See, the
funny thing about Yale leaders is A&M has a higher
student body turnout than anywhere in the nation
because of Yale leaders. I'd say almost hands
down. And then the runoff, how many other runoff
races were there that year? Big ones, there was
just the Yale leaders and then the student body
president. Junior Yale leader and then student
body president. How soon did you and the other Yale
leaders, newly elected Yale leaders, get
together? The next day. Describe that. It was
nuts, actually. We went to Hensel Park over there
on South College. I'm going to remember this so
well because I got there early because I didn't
want to be late. taking the shoe polish off my car
just because we had shoe polish all over my car so i
was taking that off my car and they drive up and
they're all in the same car and so i'm like all right
great it's already started just because i i are
people had already warned me they're like okay now
you realize it's going to be you and them for a while
so we go out to inso park and we're talking and it's
very obvious that they didn't think i would do a
good job right off the bat very obvious simply
because it felt like they were babying me very very
much which is fine i mean they had they didn't know
me i didn't know them and so of course they were
going to take every precaution that they needed to
but i remember walking away from that meeting
going well they don't trust me at all now there were
how many Five yell leaders. Five yell leaders.
Four corps cadets and me. All right. And seniors
and? Three seniors, two juniors. Two juniors. And
how many of the seniors had been junior yell
leaders? Two. So the two junior yell leaders. Had
been reelected. Okay. And had there been many
civilian yell leaders before you? A handful, I'd
say in all 12, 14 maybe, in the history of the
L-Leader. There used to be something called a
veteran spot that they would hold, withhold for
that, but that was when it went to non-compulsory
Corps of Cadets, then they took that away. In your
years at A&M, have you ever heard of any serious
consideration of a female? One ran last year. A
woman ran last year, actually. Her name is Toni.
And how many votes, how well did she? She got 1,200
votes. She was running as a junior or senior? As a
senior. She was running for senior the other day.
Was she in the corps or something? She was senior.
Have there been other women? There were actually
women in 1991 who got third and fourth place. They
actually beat guys. Because imagine what a
revolution that will be. Yes, it will be. All
right, so that first meeting was comparatively
cold. And did anyone say anything that was cold?
No, they didn't. They didn't at all, actually.
They were very positive. I mean, not positive per
se, but it was just very informatory. Look, okay,
this is this. This is what you have to do. This is why
we're doing this. This is what it's for. This is
what the schedule's like. It was more just like,
okay, this is what you're getting into. And the
head yell leader is elected, so? It's that yell
leaders are elected. The head yell leader is
picked from the yell leaders. By? A council, a
board. And so when you had that first get together,
had that decision already been made? No. Okay. So
one of the three seniors was going to be the head.
Right, then what was the next event? The next event
or the next time that we got together is I remember
meeting Jeff Bailey who ended up being the head
yell leader because he had a uniform for me. I got
the uniform, and he taught me how to roll the
sleeves in the parking lot out in front of Jason's
Deli over there on Texas and George Bush. I
remember very, very well that we were sitting
there, and he taught me how to roll the sleeves. No,
that's where we met because he was getting his hair
cut. Then we went over to the cleaners, and that's
where we got the uniform. He introduced me to the
guy who does our laundry, all that kind of stuff.
Then we went out in the parking lot. He taught me how
to roll the sleeve. I was like, okay, this is how you
do it. So how many uniforms are provided? You're
provided with three. But you've got to order them
after you get elected, obviously. So it's pretty
much when you first get elected, you just try and
find whatever you can fit into. And the three
uniforms are identical. Yes, they're all
identical. Make believe that I had never seen the
uniform. Describe what they are. The white
uniform is, take what you see in cartoons, what
painters wear, white pants, white shirt, a white
belt with a brass buckle, The sleeves are rolled
up, and then you have a maroon A&M stitched onto the
left pocket on the shirt. They're not full-length
sleeves, though, are they? No, they are
full-length. We rolled them up. It's just like
that shirt right there, and you just roll it up. And
is the shirt
knitted or woven? In other words, that's knitted.
It's woven. It's woven like this. Yes, it's like
that. It's a work wear. We ordered it out of the
JCPenney catalog. And has a small insignia on the
pocket. And that's the only identifier. Only
identifier. And then what shoes do? Maroon shoes.
We wear maroon shoes. And that's actually really
funny. We can never find maroon shoes. Something
because no one makes them. 60 years ago,
everywhere made maroon shoes. But now, maroon is
not the end color, I guess. So it's always a big
deal. And I have size 14 shoe. I have a real big foot.
And when you first get elected, it's always a pass
down thing. You always wear what the people before
you wore. Well, no one had a size 14 foot. No one even
had clothes. The closest I had was an 11. And so I had
to wear a size 11 shoe for about a month and a half. I
remember that first Yale practice like my toes
were almost bleeding by the end of that simply
because we were having to run around so much. Now
these are leather shoes or? It depends on what you
can find to be honest with you. We've had
everything from leather to suede like this year's
was more of a suede material I guess. But not canvas
like a sneaker? No, they're not canvas. And what
socks do you wear? Just regular athletic socks.
White? White. White athletic socks. So the only
things that aren't white on whatever you're
wearing are the ATM, the brass buckle, and then
your shoes. When you learned that you had been
elected, how soon before you contacted your
family? We called them that night. What did you
tell them? Right then. Actually, I wasn't the one
that called them. Sko, that Roscoe, the guy that I
told you about. My parents aren't very excitable
people. Just simply because of their nature of
having to do with elections and having defeats and
all that stuff. They aren't excitable. like they
really aren't they don't yell and scream a lot or
anything like that and so sco said that he called
him and my dad answered the phone and sco was
yelling and screaming i mean he was very excited he
was like we won we won we won and my dad was like
that's great congratulations and then sco just
remembers looking at the phone and being like okay
well we did so bye and then hung up and then of course
we just were yelling and screaming. So yeah, I
called them that night. My parents had a lot to do
with that even though they had no idea what was
going on. Neither of them had any idea what A&M was
about other than that they remember how Yale
leaders acted at Rice. When did you and the other
Yale leaders have your first event? Parents
Weekend Yale Practice was the first time that we,
the five of us, had a Yale practice together. Now
there was other stuff like we had a pie throwing
contest and stuff like that where they wanted a
Yale leader to be there. But as far as the yell
leaders, the five of us getting together and
having an event, that was parents weekend. And
when did you practice for that event? I remember
having a meeting in the core headquarters, there
in the little debriefing room, and we went over the
yells. It was funny, just because none of us really
knew what we were doing. So Jeff and John, who were
the two seniors that had been yell leaders before,
kind of knew. what that was just they they had to
teach us and they had said that looks good that
doesn't that looks good that doesn't so it was all
right was there a predetermined arrangement of
where the five of you stood um it's always the head
yellier stands in the middle and then they it's
just kind of the seniors talk about which side they
want to be on and then they assign the juniors and i
was assigned to be on the far right side for a couple
reasons one because I wouldn't be in front of any
core guys because they said that they wanted to
make sure that nothing happened on that simply
because there were core people and are still
people in the Corps of Cadets that didn't agree
with me being a yell leader. And so they put me on the
right-hand side, which would just be in front of
students and parents that sit there, for two
reasons. One, for that, and also just because I was
the tallest yell leader. And so because the one on
the end is the one that has to call off the, like,
when you're doing it, they're the one that does the
motion to call off the thing. So everybody needs to
be able to see them. Now, were there any letters in
the battalion about this? I've got a whole stack of
battalions at home. They were in the mail call, you
know, the little opinion section of the
battalion. Actually, right after the election,
the battalion wrote a little thing about me being
elected and how I was a non-corps yell leader and
all this kind of stuff. And then the next day, so for
about a week and a half, There was just stuff. There
was just stuff in it. Back and forth. Someone in the
court would write something and someone out of the
court would write something. It was just back and
forth, back and forth. Anything ever said to you
going up and down a hallway, going to or from class
or anywhere? Well, some congratulations. I'd get
a bunch of stares and stuff. But it's funny. People
really didn't, even though they knew that Ricky
Wood had been elected, they didn't necessarily
know that I was he. Mm-hmm. And you weren't on TV or
anything like that? Not at that point, no.
So how did the Parents Weekend go? Parents Weekend
went well. Something that we do that they didn't do
this year, I guess it's done, is that just like in
the Corps, when you get a position, you get shaved.
I don't know if you've heard that talked about or
not, but if you get a position, well, for instance,
you get a position when you got elected Yale
leader, a friend of mine named Baba, he'd be
sitting there, and then all of a sudden his fish
would run into his room, grab him, pull him into the
showers, and they'd shave him head to toe.
Including private area. Including private area.
They'd shave everything. Except eyebrows. You'd
keep the eyebrows and eyelashes. Everything else
is gone. And so we were bald, to say, which was
really interesting. That did happen. All right,
and the shavers were corps members? For me, no. The
shavers were my friends. Oh, okay. They just came
and grabbed me one day. And that happened where?
That happened in my living room, actually. We have
pictures, and it's really funny. As far as you
know, did anyone encourage them to do that? Yes,
they did. They were encouraged to do so. But it was
fun. It's one of those things that's just really
neat. I mean, it stinks, and, of course, you itch
real bad. Yes. But it's one of those things,
especially for the guy who they called my buddy, my
junior Yale leader buddy. His name is Bubba. It was
one of the first times that we had an issue to which
we could both talk on. Does that make sense? Even
though there's many now. I mean, we're going to be
friends for the rest of our lives. But at that
point, we didn't really have anything that we
could speak on. And this was like the first thing.
And then one of the seniors was shaved as well. And
so we talked about that. All right, the rest of that
spring, were there any other important
cheerleader events? Not real important ones. The
big thing that happened that year is we started
something called First Yell. Now, I don't know if
you know what First Yell is. That was the first
year. Describe it. First Yell was something that
the Association of Former Yell Leaders came to us
about and said, you know what? And this was still
when Bonfire was going on. And so they said, you
know what? Just like Bonfire ends off the football
season, we need something that will kick off the
football season because generally we play lower
class teams the first game of the year. So we were
wondering if there's something... that y'all
could put together that would bring people back to
campus and get that first game sold out. So we just
started thinking. We started having meetings
with all the key people on campus. We invited the
Vice President of Student Affairs, Athletic
Department, 12th Man Foundation, Association of
Former Students, people in the community, and
said, okay, this is our idea. We're going to do it.
And no one thought we could do it. People were just
saying, okay, the five Yale leaders have no
programming experience. They have no experience
programming the event. How in the world are y'all
going to get this off? How in the world are y'all
going to do it? All it was was a decision. All it was
was this, that, and the other. And so really, two
weeks after I got elected, that became a huge focus
of what we did. And so that summer, we just worked on
First Yell. And First Yell consisted of a Friday
afternoon, fun time for students, Friday night
entertainment, Saturday morning barbecue, and
then Saturday night game. Oh, and midnight yell
practice, obviously, on Friday night. And that
week was absolutely horrendous. Probably one of
the harder four days or week long just because
starting that Monday, we were getting all the
final preparations done. And then starting that
Thursday night or that Friday morning, I remember
getting out to R. Simpson Drill Field about 4.30 in
the morning. And I didn't leave R. Simpson until
about 9.30 at night. And that was just to go put my
overalls on to go to Yale practice. And then after
Yale practice, I went home and slept for three
hours and then woke up and came back out to the
barbecue and then had to go to a football game. It
was a very, very hard day, but it was great. All
right, now back in the spring, did class
attendance and grades suffer from? Actually, I
had to Q-drop a class because of campaigning. I
made the lowest grade I've ever made on a test
because of campaigning. I got a B in that class
instead of an A that I should have gotten because of
that one test. I had an 89.3 in that class because I
made a 54 on the third test, which fell right in the
middle of campaigning, and I walked into that
class having not opened a book and took the test.
But I did Q-drop another class during that time
just because I didn't. Did any faculty, any of your
instructors in any way acknowledge your new task?
Yes, they did. In the spring, a couple of people
said congratulations. But then in the fall is
really when people started acknowledging. It
just simply because we missed class so much. What
did you then do that summer? That summer, Aggie
Moms Clubs is essentially what our job is. Our job,
not only are we obviously at athletic events, but
we also go and speak everywhere. We go speak all
over the state. So you didn't have a job that
summer? No, gosh, no. Actually, I start work. 26
days and this is the first time that I've held a job
since fall of my sophomore year and I can't wait I'm
sick of being poor the now by this time had you any
romantic life? Did you have a girlfriend by this
time? Actually I did I started dating a girl in
March of my sophomore year and so she we started
dating and then campaigning started and then I got
elected and then we kept on and we broke up in last
February like February a year ago but then we got
back together this November and so we're back
together now And actually, she just dropped me
off. She just dropped me off. And how did the Yale
Leader activities affect romance? It was really
good and it was really bad. It was good in that I got
to take the girl that I liked, obviously, and my
girlfriend to do stuff that no other guy could take
her to go do. No other guy on this campus could take
Kate, my girlfriend, I think, could take Kate to do
the things, to go walk on the field with the torches
at Yale practice, to go to these games, to go on the
away games. to go and go to Dr. Sutherland's house,
be on first-name basis with Dr. Bowen. There's
just certain things that you get and you can give to
your friends that you wouldn't get otherwise. It
was really hard just because I was so busy. What it
really did is it affected my other friendships
just because I had Yell Leader, which was a
24-hour-a-day job, and then I had a girlfriend.
which I really wanted to invest time in, and so
something had to give. And so it was really kind of
my same-sex friendships, my guy friendships that
gave on that a lot, which was tough, but it's
picking back up, so that's good. But I guess that's
just one of the things that you have to give up. All
right, then junior year begins that fall.
Describe the routine for a typical home game. And
then an out-of-the-way, I mean out-of-town trip.
Okay. Home game, Friday morning you wake up, and
it's just a different day. You can tell it is. You go
to your classes. You do whatever. One of the
responsibilities of a junior yell leader is you
call the seniors every morning and tell them
what's on the schedule. That's just what you did.
You called them. If they had to wake up at a certain
time, you make sure they're awake. You said we had
this at this at this at this, and this is what you
needed to wear, and the uniform will be here to pick
it up or take it by their room. Now, there were two
juniors. Two juniors and three seniors. Okay, and
did you call each of the three? We split up the days
of the week. We split up the days of the week. So,
yeah, we split up the days of the week. Normally you
made the phone call about what time? 7 o'clock in
the morning. I'd wake up, call them, go back to
sleep. Just because they were obviously already
awake because of formation and whatnot. Okay, so
keep going. And so you'd call them, and then you'd
just go about normal day, and then about 5 o'clock,
usually everyone would go out to eat. Sometimes
we'd go together, sometimes we wouldn't. But then
I'd go back to my room, and I would just put my
overalls on, and then we'd meet behind Duncan at 11
o'clock. p.m. Friday night. Friday night. And
then we would have our torches and we'd walk over
and do midnight yell practice that would last
until about 1 or 1.30. And it would just be, I mean,
it's, that's, there's nothing like that. There's
absolutely nothing like midnight yell practice
down on the track. How did you feel that first? The
first one of the year, I remember, I remember I
didn't get to enjoy it that much because of first
yell. That was first yell weekend. And you know
about the, I don't know if you've heard about the
push-ups that junior, that yell leaders do, the
junior yell leaders. That was a big... big area of
concern simply because I, not being in the core, I
wasn't used to doing push-ups all the time. Sure, I
was an athlete, and so I could do, I could sit down
and I could do 100 push-ups, but that's not near the
amount that we would do on the 50-yard line in Kyle
Field. I mean, it was just... intense intense
physical activity and so that was always a point of
I guess not fear necessarily but just nervousness
okay am I going to be able to do it how tired am I going
to get am I going to be able to lift my arms
afterwards because then you do all those pushups
and so your arms are completely dead and then you
start doing yells and that's just a bunch of
raising your hands and stuff and so very tired I
remember after the first yell practice there in
the fall but I remember it was just 30,000 people
were there Just amazing. Amazing. At what point
then, it's called a fable, isn't it? At what point
did a new junior yell eater get to tell a fable? Was
it the first midnight yell practice? Oh, really?
Mm-hmm. First midnight yell practice. Did you
ever tell any that in hindsight you thought maybe
you shouldn't have? No. Actually, we did really
good at just telling, making sure to tell the good
ones just because... We're really trying to, I
know that we're making a concerted effort to make
Yale Leader into a position that wasn't looked
like it was 10 years ago. We want Yale Leader to be
equal to a student body president. Just as far as
stature and just as far as respect. Because that's
what we feel, I mean, The position calls for it, and
so why not live up to it, if that makes any sense? And
so we were really careful. We always talked about
which fables we were going to tell. Now, there are
certain ones that you would tell. Like, for
instance, okay, so we do the midnight yell
practice, and we wake up early on Saturday. We make
sure the uniform is all done, and then I'll get back
to the fable in a second. And then the other junior
yell leader and myself, we'd walk over to Kyle
Field about an hour and a half before game time. We
go down in the locker room. put the seniors
uniforms there because the seniors would march
with their core. They'd march in with their core.
And so we'd be standing down there right by like the
viewing stand where all the honored guests always
are. And so, I mean, we got to meet some really,
really neat people down there. Colin Powell, the
president, former and current George Bush, Rick
Perry. I've actually, Rick Perry and I have
actually grown to be on a first name basis which has
been really really neat just simply because he's a
governor former head yell leader so that was
really neat then the seniors marched by then we'd
run down to the locker room they'd get dressed and
then men running out onto that field from
underneath and running across the field and
seeing the student section and getting them to
stand up and do yells it's It is definitely
something that I don't think I'll ever experience
anything like it again in the rest of my entire
life. Then when the game was over, a night game
over, what did you and the other Yale leaders
normally do after the game? Well, if we won, they
would obviously, the freshman in the corps would
run out and tackle us. pick us up and carry us over to
Fish Pond on the north side in front of Sabisa,
throw us in, we do a couple yells and then we walk
over the steps of the YMCA building and have a full
yell practice there. And that was always fun
simply because we just got to mess with whoever.
Those were always more fun yell practices just
because you could just say anything, which was
really neat. Some of my fondest memories and then
obviously we'd stay after because people would
want pictures and we'd stand around and talk and
then we'd make plans for whatever we're going to do
that night. Whatever it be, whether we go out to
dinner, whether we go to a party, whether we just go
hang out in someone's dorm room, whose parents
were in town if we wanted to do that. So it was always
just kind of a... And what time would all that
activity end? Oh. It depended on when the game was
and all that kind of stuff. No, make believe it's a
night game, 7.30 game. 7.30 game. We would get done
with that about 10.30, so we wouldn't be ready to go
out until 11, 11.15. All right, and then what? That
night we'd go to a party and... It depended on where
it was. I mean, like, if we went, like, this year,
for instance, went to some tailgate parties with
the Association for Memorial Leaders, those
wouldn't get done until 4, 4 in the morning. So
almost all night. Oh, yeah. Oh, sure. Oh, sure.
They'd go a long time. My junior year was a little
different simply because, just like in the Corps
Cadets, there's a class system. We wouldn't
really hang out with the seniors necessarily. But
we would a little bit every once in a while. But this
year was very different. I mean, this year... At
that junior year, how long was it before you began
to feel that all Leo leaders were a group?
Beginning of the fall. That's when it started.
They accepted you. I put it this way to a lot of
people. They're like, well, how is it? I was like,
well, it's a little odd right now. And they're
like, still? I mean, that's weird. It's been six
weeks, you know? And I was like, well, think about
it this way. Think about you having five best
friends, and all of a sudden, just on one night in 15
minutes, one of them is taken out and someone else
is pushed in its place. That's hard to deal with,
you know? I haven't totally accepted them. They
haven't totally accepted me. And so it really
wasn't until we started having common
experiences that we could draw from, that we could
talk about, that I wasn't listening to their
stories and they weren't listening to my stories.
We were telling stories. That's when it became...
We became, friendships were starting to form and
stuff. Was the first out-of-town game a
significant memory? That was actually the first
game of the year that year. It was versus Louisiana
Tech in Shreveport, Louisiana. And that really
was, because I told the fable that night, and I
remember being so nervous. We were walking, and it
was right before y'all practiced, and there was a
lot of people there, and I remember... walking
with my girlfriend Kate and I was like well this is
the fable I'm going to tell and she was like that's
stupid I was like what? and I told her the fable and
she was like that's dumb and I was like then what am I
going to do? I started freaking out and not knowing
what I was going to say ended up telling it and it was
fine but it was I remember that was a you went in your
own vehicle? no actually travel is provided for us
we flew we flew to every game all the just the Yacht
Leaders just the five Yacht Leaders and who
provided the plane? American Airlines We have a
budget, Yale leaders have a budget that is set
aside from the association of former students and
the university gives us money. So this was a small
charter plane? No, it wasn't a charter plane. It
was just, it was American Airlines. Oh, so here to
Dallas and then to Cleveland? Yeah, we flew
commercial. Well, did anyone go with, when the
Yale leaders go like that, does anyone go with the
Yale leaders? My junior year, no, not as much. My
junior year, two games a year, Rusty Thompson, who
was our advisor, would come with us. This year,
every game, Rusty came with us, just simply
because of the more risk management. Now, what
does identify Rusty? Rusty Thompson, he's the
associate director of the MSC, and he was advisor
for the Yale leaders at Bonfire. That was his dual
role. And was he experienced in that role?